experience again in daughters david tua
comes from pistachio New Zealand but
third in the Olympic Games
88 this is the 31 year old record
marl in north carolina one meter 83 tall
94 3 pounds and that's the one out
New Zealand 1 meter 80 98.4 kilo
as I said after professional battles eight times
won eight times by ko he was already
at the amateurs on twitter the
World Championships 91 he lost to
the world champion completely clean
well and he was
As I said, he will continue to play the
precaution against the san vitale
Nigeria and then lost some
be due
these were the olympic games 92 in
Barcelona
Of course , every woman has one
terrible and the man off
New Zealand only with 1 meter 80 best
too small for the very heavy class
and historian looks pretty good though
he takes too much is already quite
clear behind it
Since he has already retracted the things
times from the left and from the right box
pretty open
now, for example, if he himself
beats is then completely open
so to cling
Also this db tour is in the stall of
youtube looks like in something like that though
completely different
one of the american success trainer
which says pretty good, the 31
year old eleven years is the older
as the man from New Zealand
laughs
red apa that was liver direction
liver hook he comes up again
he made me hard to be unfaithful
naive look
there he can not even a human
Do not fret players so scare you
Graf loves 3 and the ek nods
and runs into the left rows in the
right hook he comes over the first
round
nature takes a little time
he is a professional and you are something different
was that because you're still there
pious or of course, and also know
bring your time in place like
to be fair
So also help not so fast
was the left hook and lip
and the left comes as in ramp of the
vip tour second round
yes I have the feeling that the
puncher the same as the accident
this time I have no work because I can
I do not imagine that she is so hornek
has come here over time
this tour is still a bit
be built around so maybe
after 19 or 20 kempen times to the top
to be brought up
he wants
1 1
hopelessness in the face of record
well of honey there can not talk then
What he gets here is mappus
Only the left hand of only
once it's there almost 3 now need
We fall a bit down then
yes off while overzealous once again the
right now struck again and that
that's it's it's been since as of today 14
not for long
11 12 seconds since it comes in
Come on
that is relatively fast and now
He was back and you were congratulated
his further clearly answers
one of those not quite as more
but also winners so the in
the second round after two minutes and
17 seconds that was the left would be for
boxer and for all of us if you are just with
pimple and shovel is equipped
you should not do it with one
bulldozers are also increasingly trying yes
that 's it then the bath today
kissing new york live spectators
stay with German athletes
They look true when it says here
the official announcement comes up
See you again until the end of the show
next time
her hans joachim rauschenbach